To randomly trigger one of the five samples using a single note in Ableton Live's 
Drum Rack, you can use the following method:

Create a new MIDI track in Ableton Live by right-clicking in the empty area below 
your existing tracks and selecting "Insert MIDI Track" or pressing Ctrl+Shift+T on
your keyboard.

Load the Drum Rack onto the new MIDI track by dragging it from the Instruments 
category in the browser on the left.

Add five instances of the Simpler instrument to a single pad in the Drum Rack. 
To do this, drag a Simpler onto the pad you want to use in the Drum Rack, and 
then duplicate it four more times by pressing Ctrl+D or Cmd+D with the Simpler 
device selected.

Load each of the five samples into the respective Simpler instances by dragging 
them from the browser or your file system.

On each Simpler instance, open the "Sample" tab (if it's not already open) and 
adjust the "Playback" setting to "Classic" mode.

Group the five Simpler instances by selecting them all (click the first one, 
hold Shift, and click the last one), right-clicking, and choosing "Group" or 
using the shortcut Ctrl+G or Cmd+G. This will create an Instrument Rack.

Click the "Show/Hide Chain List" button in the Instrument Rack to reveal the 
Chain List. It's the icon that looks like three horizontal lines with circles on 
the left side of the Instrument Rack.

Right-click in the Chain List and select "Create Chain." This will create a new 
chain that we'll use to trigger the samples randomly.

With the new chain selected, click the "Show/Hide Macro Controls" button in the 
Instrument Rack (the knob icon).

Click "Map" in the Macro Controls section and then click the chain selector 
(the blue vertical line) in the Chain List. This will map the chain selector 
to a Macro knob.

Set the Macro knob's range to cover all five Simpler chains by adjusting the 
numbers below the knob. You'll want the range to be from 0 to 127.

Add a "Random" MIDI effect to the MIDI track before the Drum Rack. You can find 
this effect in the "MIDI Effects" category in the browser.

In the "Random" MIDI effect, set the "Chance" to 100%, "Choices" to 5, 
"Mode" to "Add," and "Scale" to 100%. This will generate random values 
between 0 and 4.

Connect the "Random" MIDI effect to the Macro knob by clicking the "Map" 
button on the Random effect and then clicking the Macro knob in the Instrument 
Rack.

Now, when you play a single note, the Drum Rack will randomly trigger one 
of the five samples. The randomization is controlled by the "Random" MIDI effect, 
which generates a random number between 0 and 4, and the Macro knob distributes 
the range across the five Simpler instances in the chain list.